README.md, before:

# Gif-Coin
Gif-Coin is an \**in-progress*\* decentralized cryptocurrency and application that leverages BlockChain to authenticate anonymous transactions between users and prevent fraud. This project is an attempt to understand the benefits (and shortcomings) of the underlying implementations of many modern cryptocurrencies.

## Key features
1) Blockchain featuring SHA-256 encryption
2) Conflict resolution using "proof-of-work"
3) Decentralized ledgers with full privacy

## How to use

## Gif-Bank
If Gif-Coin is an inherently decentralized currency, why does there need to be a "bank"? In short, the bank serves as a method of communication between the ledgers, not a verification method itself. This way, a network of ledgers can operate independently (thus running a decentralized currency) on a singular computer, eliminating the need for a TCP.

## Acknowledgments
Gif-Coin is an extension of a blockchain project I wrote for CSC-207 at Grinnell College. Additional ideas were taken generously from the paper "Bitcoin: A Peer-To-Peer Electronic Cash System" by Satoshi Nakamoto.

Commit message:

Adds PublicKey and PrivateKey from Java.Security. Adds block signature and verification of signature.

README.md, after:

# Gif-Coin
Gif-Coin is an *in-progress* decentralized cryptocurrency and application that leverages BlockChain to authenticate anonymous transactions between users and prevent fraud. This project is an attempt to understand the benefits (and shortcomings) of the underlying implementations of many modern cryptocurrencies.

## Key features
1) Blockchain featuring SHA-256 encryption and Elliptical Curve Digital Signature Algorithm
2) Conflict resolution using "proof-of-work"
3) Decentralized ledgers with full privacy

## How to use

## Gif-Bank
If Gif-Coin is an inherently decentralized currency, why does there need to be a "bank"? In short, the bank serves as a method of communication between the ledgers, not a verification method itself. This way, a network of ledgers can operate independently (thus running a decentralized currency) on a singular computer, eliminating the need for a TCP.

## Acknowledgments
Gif-Coin is an extension of a blockchain project I wrote for CSC-207 at Grinnell College. Additional ideas were taken generously from the paper "Bitcoin: A Peer-To-Peer Electronic Cash System" by Satoshi Nakamoto.
